All right guys let's go ahead and create what we've all been waiting for the water.
So what we're going to do is we're going to create a new layer or sorry a new folder and then we're
going to create a new layer within that folder and we're going to select this blue light blue color
in our sky and we're going to create a straight line just a little bit above our bubble window Let's
nudge and down just a little though he's not seeping over onto our treaty.
And then we're going to add a second layer.
And with our brush tool we are going to make a Wrigley's squiggly line across this straight line.
We're going to add a third layer and we'll do that one some more.
And this time you want to make sure that your squiggly line varies with the first squiggly line.
Now we can turn off our straight line.
We can actually delete it and then we're going to merge our two squiggly lines together.
Then using our wand tool we're going to select this upper area then we're going to invert the selection
then we'll fill this or first we'll create a new layer and drag underneath our first layer then Wolfville
that layer with gradient of this color and this color
will go the other way.